Sources:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8389811/how-to-query-mongodb-to-test-if-an-item-exists
https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/quick-start-nodejs-mongodb-how-to-get-connected-to-your-database
https://www.mongodb.com/languages/mern-stack-tutorial

The website is broken up into 2 parts: the React front end and the MongoDB backend. The mern stack tutorial and the connection video were both very helpful in helping develop the connection to the front end and understanding more of how the functions work.
Most of the problems which took time to debug involved the use of async functions. The mern stack tutorial had errors in the sample code which the other video was helpful in finding and debugging. The lack of a declaration of a function as async as well as missing await commands in these functions resulted in the return of an empty promise. This meant that something was returned, but the program would never wait for the request to actually return with a result. On the console, no errors displayed since something was returned, but while playing around with functions to make ones that used database calls async, the source bugs were discovered and the debugging process sped up from there.
I took a large amount of influence from tutorial's front end, but modified it as needed to work with the famous people database. As a result, lab 5 looks much different than lab 3.
An interesting note I ran across was when I tried to automate loading 100 json files into the database. Not all calls would return which resulted in missing names. When loading them 5 at a time, there was a higher rate of success. This means that loading the database again would be more successful in smaller increments. This could be that not all the names were in the API (ex: Federer).
The website displays all the people in the database. The nav bar at the top allows the user to add a person to the database through a form which can be filled out when it takes them to a new page. Filling out the form and submitting calls a POST request which add the person and updates the display. The _id is automatically assigned as a name for easy searching/removal if needed.
Clicking the edit button works similarly except a PUT request is called and the results array in the entry is changed. The _id remains the same as expected.
Clicking the delete button in each entry both removes the person from the database and updates the display to no longer include the person in the database without needing to refresh the page. This did not work initially, but this was another error with an async function. The difference with this error was that the presence of the async function likely resulted in unnecessarily waiting for a response since the backend already took care of this. Removing the await and async components fix this issue.
When continuing to future labs, reference the code in lab5 for modifcations needed to run on VM
